---------------------------------------------------------------
About my development process!
---------------------------------------------------------------

Game Description:
    My game is an ambulance simulator (click-)game, that demonstrates a typical emergency at the ambulance.
    You get an emergency, that you have to quit. On your way to the patient, you can decide which equipment you would like to take to
    the emergency. At least 1 must be taken.
    At the patient, you can click through the ABCDE Scheme to get to know more about the patients sufferings. You can measure all measurements,
    considering the used equipment that you have taken with you. You can also give the patient oxygen and set the amount of oxygen, if you have
    taken the oxybag with you. You can give medicine, if you have taken the ampoule with you. When you did at least 4 measurements, you are able to decide whether
    you want to drive the patient to the hospital or try to save the patients live by giving him some medicine. The survival probability increases when the values are getting
    better and decreases when the values are getting worse. 

What was my goal?
    ! My goal was to create a ambulance simulator (click-)game, that demonstrates a typical emergency at the ambulance
    ! The player should get an emergency, decide which equipment he takes to the emergency,
      he can ask the ABCDE Scheme and decide which measurements (considering the used equipment), oxygen and which medication he want to give the patient
    ! The patient should the react to the medications, like in real life
    ! The player should be able to drive the patient to the hospital
    ! The patient should be able to survive or die the transport

Why have I chosen this pathway?
    ! Because I had an imagination of this game in my head and this was the only bullet point
      that let me fulfill my game the way i wanted it to be


What have been difficulties during development?
    ! Staying organized and focused was one of the main problems of this project.
    ! Since I programmed it during holidays, it was really hard for me to concentrate on this project for a certain amount of time.
    ! Another problem was the organization of the json files. After implementing a few files, i completely lost the overview of all the files,
      hence i started writing lots of comments to each file to achieve a better overview.

What are my future ideas?
    ! Implementing and improving few more features like 
        - more usage of the backpack
        - better medication affects (more realistic medication usage)
        - improving the decision for living or dieing (implementing current health value and time to the hospital into the calculation)
        - Improving the user interface design
        - Adding a maximum value of oxygen (to mind its usage)
        - more realistic timers and patient responses
    ! Showing the result to my ambulance colleagues
    ! And finally maybe implement it at the Red Cross, if they'd like to have it as a kind of learning / playing platform for future paramedics


The reason why the language is german
    - The language of the game is german, because i plan to present it to my colleagues at the red cross and maybe implement it as a learning / playing platform for future
      paramedics after some improvements. 